(intro music)
I had the pleasure of meeting up with former
Command Sargent Major Robert Dean, once again.
To get his perspective on the dynamics playing out
between off planet cultures, the US military and ourselves.
In this conversation he speaks of what's really behind
the shut down of the shuttle program.
His life in this strange arena and his hope for Humankind.
So good to sit with you again, Rob.
My pleasure.
I just love you and I think everybody that watches you,
you sooth the soul.
And yet you've been in a world that has been a very
harsh world, a harsh realities.
You've been privy to things most people would be frightened
to the bones to about
and yet here we sit, in this beautiful place
and you have come through to still find hope
and your heart is still very light.
What is it? What is it with you?
What has been that part of the journey
to bridge those worlds?
I wish I had a simple answer for you.
Give us a complicated one.
I don't. I don't.
I find myself at this point in my life looking back,
reviewing where I've been, the things I've experienced.
I find that kind of overwhelming sometimes I look back,
Why in the world am I still here?
I'm amazed that I've survived some
of the things that I've been through.
You've been through wars.
We'll I consider three wars, you know?
Korea, I look at the Cold War as a war
because it wasn't as cold as people think.
We lost a lot of good people during the Cold War
and then Vietnam, Southeast Asia.
I've been to hell and back.
(chuckles)
Like the famous Audie Murphy movie, you know?
And yeah I look back and wonder,
how in the hell have I really survived?
Well the answer simply is this,
that I was finally was able after many years
to reach inside and touch myself, my immortal soul.
Find out who I am, what I am
and I learned over the years that this (mumbles)
on plant Earth is just a brief moment in time.
I've lived many lives,
I've been through a thousand wars
and I've learned a lesson or two along the way.
I may have shared with you before, I went through a series
of past life regression some years ago
and that was an eye opener.
What was it that really shocked you in that experience
to begin with?
Well it confirmed suspicions I had most of my life.
Do you care to share?
I had found over the years that there were certain places
on the planet that struck me as being familiar.
First time I ever went to London I felt like
I was coming home.
I knew the city.
I knew where everything was, I felt comfortable,
I'd come home.
Well that was my first visit to London in this life
and I was to find out in a regression
that I had been in London before and lived a life there.
It was a confirmation of suspicions I'd had for many years.
I had this overwhelming interest in ancient Etruria,
the Tuscan's always interested me
and I could never quite figure out,
it wasn't just a curiosity, it was almost,
I was driven to find out,
Like a compulsion.
Yeah! A compulsion and a,
I'd see Etruscan art and Etruscan artifacts
and I studied and gathered every book
I could find on the Etruscan's.
I was kind of curious, why am I so overwhelmed with that?
And then in the regression period,
when I went through this series.
I found out I had lived a very
exciting life in Etruria.
Around 525 roughly 550 B.C.
What was your line of work or endeavor?
I was a lucomone.
I don't know this work.
I was a,
reader of signs,
I was a, sorta a priest.
lucomone in ancient Etruria was something like a priest.
He was regarded almost like royalty
and a,
Well and that really does speak to your countenance,
in this lifetime as well
and yet, I get that you probably been a warrior.
Into several lives, yeah.
We discovered in the regressions,
well I went through a whole series of them.
That I had been a Knights Templar.
I could see that.
I died in the late
1187.
In a terrible battle at a place they referred
to as the Horns of Hattin.
Where Selahedine,
your probably from your history know him Saladin.
He was a Kurd.
He was probably the finest general the Muslim army's had
in those days
and he defeated the Christian army's at 1187
at a spot called the Horns of Hattin.
Which is not too far, just a few miles from,
the Lake of Galilee, in norther Israel.
I'd always had a interested in that
particular period of time.
When I was in Germany I was compelled
to build a ancient weapons collection.
Oh I was driven and I spent money I shouldn't have spent,
buying authentic ancient broadswords,
pikes and spears
and such things.
Drove my first wife crazy literally, you know?
I was in Germany for over five years
and I built this collection of ancient medieval weapons
and that was strange and I thought that,
this was long before my regression series.
Why am I doing this? Why am I compelled?
I'd got to an antique store and I would find an authentic
broadsword from the 10th, 12th century.
I had to have it
That's your sign.
I fount out,
in the regressions why
I was doing this sort of thing.
Yeah.
I'd lived that life, I had carried those weapons, you see.
I'd been a warrior
and it past life regression,
I will tell you honestly,
I don't know if you've ever experienced this.
I have done many.
Well it's a double edge sword, honey
because when I first got into it,
I had no idea what I was really getting involved with.
Well as I went through this whole series
and I go into detail, I found many lives.
I had been a High Priest in Ur in about 3000 B.C.
That's where I met my present wife, first time.
In Ur and look what's happened to Ur. Goodness.
Ur of the Chaldees they used to refer
to it's in Mesopotamian.
It's in modern Iraq.
It's an ancient rune now and there's a ruin of a,
They built a huge military installation around it
and quarantined it off.
Oh it was one of the major cities
during the Sumerian period.
Oh yes.
Terrible what happened.
It was established
by the Anarky.
There you go.
It was Abraham's home,
now you know who I refer to as Abraham?
Yes I do.
Abraham, that's where he came from.
I was there, lived a full life.
Vividly remember my death in that life.
You see, you've experienced this
so you know what I'm talking about,
you don't simply remember you literally relive.
You relived and the interesting thing I found about it is,
people have, if they haven't done this journey,
have a misconception that when you go back
you suddenly know everything about that time.
You only know what you knew
because you're going back and reliving.
You have no more knowledge or access to knowledge
than you did in that moment.
Which is fascinating cause you're still bring through
your perspective of that time.
Well you're a really wise young women, you're really a,
you've learned a few lessons along the way.
I've been dabbling in that for a long time,
I find it fascinating.
That's why I feel comfortable with you.
Possibly, yes.
You're an old soul.
Yes, yes I'm an old soul.
and so what's interesting to me, about you and what you said
is perfectly consistent with the nature of my desire
to have this conversation with you.
Is these, you keep bring up, you have the warrior
and the priest. The warrior and the Priest.
You have this great spiritual wisdom
and at the same time this power of the warrior
and it seems like in the last few years
you've been called upon from within,
to really merge those aspects of yourself.
Well I've been on a journey of revelation literally.
Come to terms with who am I? What am I?
Why the hell am I here? What am I doing here,
at this particular time and this particular place.
How did I get involved with what I've
been doing in the last 20 years?
And I looked back for a while and I thought,
"this is strange."
Why do I feel compelled to do what I'm doing now?
And then I found out that I was
apparently on a mission of some kind.
We were discussing the past lives
and I needed to tell you that
I had to end the whole series
and I had to end the sessions
because I discovered a life I was
totally unprepared to discover.
I found out that I lived in Galilee 2000 years ago
and I had become a good friend of a Jewish rabbi
by the name of Yeshua
and when that began to come out
and this emotional experience what I went through
and it was literally overwhelming.
I was totally unprepared for it.
There had always been that nagging suspicion in me,
That you'd been there in these times.
That I'd been there and I'd done that and I knew him.
But I didn't realize the impact of it
because in the regression it'd come pouring out of me
in a level of emotion.
It literally was overwhelming.
And it had to have been because those were
the emotions experienced in the day.
I lived them, I experienced them. It was my life.
And I learned that not only were he and I good friends
but I followed him for 10 years
and I learned some things that
my Christian fundamentalist friends
simply are refusing to accept.
I learned things about the reality of that period and time.
That the church will never talk about.
Do you care to share?
Well to give you small example, you know,
the church?
The Catholic church, the Christian church,
Whatever you wanna describe it.
They have this illusion, I don't know where they got this,
cock and bull story they try to tell to people.
About he was a poor peasant, carpenter,
the son of a carpenter.
All that Yaky yak yak stuff.
Well that is totally untrue.
He was born into a wealthy family,
a powerful family at the time.
The man Yeshua, which the Christian's call Jesus, was a,
probably at that particular time.
Was probably the most intellectual and the most well
educated person in the Mediterranean world at that time.
His education had been unbelievable.
He'd traveled expensively.
As I said he came from a wealthy family,
he had an uncle who was involved in the tin trade.
Who had a contract with the Romans
and they made (mumbles) money.
Now you saw this first hand, however, I need to say here
that the work of Lawrence Gardner and others have gone back
have documented a lot of that.
Lawrence Gardner has told the truth.
Yes I very much admire his work
I have every book he ever wrote.
His work would certain justify
or it would validate what you're saying.
Well you see I never had a chance to sit down
and discuss this with Lawrence.
I see.
Because I know he was remembering memories
of another life himself.
Which lead him into the path that he followed in his life.
Oh he's on of the great scholars of our time.
Yes he was.
Now my life with Yushua was literally overwhelming.
I found out that I had been a
Greek businessman at that time.
I came from a rather wealthy family
and I came from a family
of successful businessmen and scholars.
And I was attracted to him
because of the things he was saying
and I had been raised in the Greek tradition
and I felt some of the things
he said rang a bell and made sense.
And so I kind of attacked myself to him
and followed him for 10 years.
And why did that frighten you, or not frighten you
but overwhelm you enough that,
is it that you had seen all you needed to see?
Or it was so emotionally overpowering
that you did not want to continue on this path?
I was not only a companion of his,
we were good friends, I say to people he was my best friend
and he still is my best friend.
That's wonderful.
But I was present at the trial,
I was present at the crucifixion.
I was present at the resurrection
and I was present at the ascension.
And let me tell you, the emotion impact of those memories,
when they began flooding deep up out of your inner soul.
Literally overwhelms you
and for many years I could not even discuss it
without breaking down into tears
and sobbing like a baby.
It still touches me and as you have learned
from your own experience,
you don't just remember you relive.
Yes.
And the emotion is in there
and of course a lot of my modern scientific friends,
poo poo, you know? Poppycock.
They can't accept that sort of thing.
Because here you are, your born, you live, you die
and that's the end of it, you see
and they say if you have the memories
were are they coming from?
And I try to say "I don't know how to talk to you about that
"because you don't believe in the reality of the human soul"
And they don't, the modern materialist minded people
simply can not accept that the human being has a soul.
An immortal component that is eternal and infinite
and I say "Look, this is a temporary container
"that we're living in and we're using it."
Now the body dies, the brain dies
but that's not the end of a life.
The memory and the emotion is in the soul.
Absolutely and it stays with it.
Forever.
Now you say, your friends in the modern world of science
don't grok that, however, my question would be,
what about the world that you were in for so many years,
in the military, where you have people who have to be,
willing to put their lives on the line for their position
that they've taken or they've made a valor oath to.
Do you find it's the same there? Or is there,
have you ever found there's a level of kind of,
even unspoken, maybe mystical understanding between
warriors and soldiers that have done this repeatedly?
Of course, yes.
I think perhaps in some way I was drawn into the military
because I had lived a warrior in many other previous lives.
I had been a Roman soldier.
Yes. I would guess that.
And so do you find it, was there some unspoken understanding
between you and some of your comrades through the years?
Oh there was a spiritual connection.
Yes, that's what I'm getting to.
You got it
and it's powerful and it pours up from God knows where,
no pun intended there but,
it pours up from deep within your soul memory
and yeah you, it's like at this conference here.
I've been wandering around,
looking at people I've never met in this life.
Knowing them as old friends.
Recognizing them and they recognize me
and sometimes we walk up throw our arms around each other
and you know, it's kind of, it's childish
but kind of overwhelming.
It's blissful.
It's wonderful, yeah.
It is. Okay, I thank you for sharing that.
I've always wondered because I don't really,
on a deep personal level
and going back in lifetimes in the past,
there was only one time I saw, a very long time ago,
were I was a foot soldier
but mostly it's been female incarnations.
So I don't understand that bond between soldiers and men
but I would have to imagine, from what you've said,
from what I've heard others say, it has to exist.
You go into the military for a reason it certainly is not
because of the political agendas of the day.
It has to be something embedded much deeper within
and so I,
Well faith, whatever that is,
has an interesting way of playing with our lives.
I joined the military in 1950
because I'd been in two college for two years.
My dad was a railroader, we didn't have any money.
I was born in '29, I grew up in the Depression.
But when I was 18 I,
went off to the University of Indiana
for a couple of years and after the second year,
Daddy and I, we didn't have anymore money.
So being a smart young man, a smart ass young man,
I said "I know how to deal with this,
"I will simply enlist in the army and avoid being drafted"
because in those days if you weren't married
or enrolled in a university, you were eligible for the draft.
So I didn't' want to get drafted
because when they pluck you out, they send you where ever.
I thought "Well I'm going to enlist
"and go off to offices candidate school."
Get myself a commission, serve my two years or three years
or whatever
and maybe go back to school and under GI Bill, you see.
Oh I was smart,
that was a nice illusion.
I was a smart young man, yeah what an illusion that was.
I enlisted in the army in April
and I was an OCS for six months
and while I was an OCS being trained to be a
Second Lieutenant Infantry Officer,
the North Koreans invaded South Korea in June of 1950
and the next damn thing I know I'm in the front lines
of Korea being shot at by a bunch
of pissed off Chinese and North Koreans.
I was leading an infantry combat platoon.
As a 21 year old Second Lieutenant,
Shave-tail is the term used to be
and I thought "How the hell did I get here?"
Well you may had been a soldier before,
I don't like this I'm not a killer,
I don't wanna shoot anybody
and what am I don't in the middle of a damn war in 1951?
Later, looking back after a lot of reflection,
I understood how I got there, why I was there
and how that all happened.
Oh but that's just another tiny chapter in my life.
Because of our last interview I'm going
to refer people to that so they can get an idea
of some of what you've been working with,
through your career and because we're here at a
and this is a term you hate UFO, let's say an IFO,
an Identified Flying Object.
(chuckles)
I dislike the term.
Yeah I get it because we've identified
them for many, many years.
Well there are no such things as UFO's.
I'm not a Ufologist and I never have been.
If you've ever heard my presentations,
I admit to being trained as an intelligence analyst.
and one of my great heroes was Charles Fort.
Which I referred to in my presentation yesterday.
He was a supreme intelligence analyst
and when you're trained to do that you collect data,
you collect facts, information.
You weigh, you sift, you evaluate, you analyze.
And you put it all together and you're trying
to come up with a picture of some kind,
which it's what we did and it's what I've done in my life
and that's why I quoted
Charles Fort yesterday in my presentation.
Yes, I wrote that down.
"I think we're property." It's very interesting.
Yes, he was pretty close to it.
Yeah, well share that because that's where I want
to go with the conversation.
Let me tell you something, we're not property,
we're a hell of a lot more than that.
Yes we are.
The conclusion I have reached,
I supposed the closest I could come to is,
saying we are involved in what I would call a,
a trusty ship.
We are under trusty ship.
The planet, the species, the race,
we're being monitored by a group of trusties, so to speak.
We're being nurtured, we're being encouraged,
we're being assisted and we're being guided
to help the human race through this painful,
painful transition we're in right now
and you've heard me before
but I consider it not merely a transitory transition.
It's a transcendent transformation into a new species
and into a new race.
Yes.
And we have some good friends in high places.
That are assisting us and have from the very beginning.
And from what you've told me before in our conversation
out in the field here privately yesterday,
we have some good friends now in low places.
Well.
(both laughs)
I'm speaking of course of the underground bases
and what's been going on.
people say,
"Who are they?" you know?
Oh when are they going to land?
And I think "Oh my God!"
If you only knew.
Yeah, if they only knew.
Tell us, tell the viewer about
what you were telling me yesterday, about the nature,
the types of beings that are
working on these underground bases
and some of the directive that's come in of late.
Well we're dealing with
intelligence's from different planets.
We're dealing with advanced
intelligence from different star systems, different galaxy's
and in '76 when I retired the army had learned
a tremendous shock to them.
We're dealing with intelligence's from other dimensions.
Yes.
That are popping into our reality here
from another time and another place
and let me tell you, back in those years,
the realization of that to a lot of people was overwhelming.
Interplanetary, interstellar,
intergalactic that's all a given.
But when you have to face a reality that you're dealing with
advanced intelligence's that are
coming from other dimensions and back in those days, honey,
they didn't even know what the hell another dimension was.
Exactly, it wasn't part of our thinking.
No it wasn't part of the scientific idea at all.
Even today you have scientists who have a problem with it
and I have developed a very powerful impatience
with so called mainstream establishment science.
You know, I've spoken at several universities,
I've been invited to speak
and I've encountered the faculties
at some of these universities.
Some years back I spoke at the
University of Arizona in Tucson.
I was invited by a professor who was a friend.
He set up this lecture,
Not Gary.
Not Gary, no I know Gary Schwartz,
he's a beautiful, beautiful man.
Okay, just wondering. So someone else.
Anyhow, my friend set me up here
and invited me as a guest speaker.
The auditorium was packed, literally,
there were 1600, 1800 kids there
and I spoke for two hours
and showed them photographs and pictures.
And shared information that I
shared with everybody, literally.
The kids loved it, they literally loved what I was saying.
They wanted to know more.
I jokingly refer back to it,
the faculty wanted to burn me at the stake.
I think they wanted to burn
Gary at the stake a few times too.
Oh yeah.
Understandably,
I mean you're pushing against everything that
is considered true.
you're shaking the
foundations of their whole life.
Anyhow, I spoke every time I was invited
and I found that the younger generation was wide open to it.
But it was the old dyed in the wool, hard nosed old farts
who refused to open their minds to accept anything.
So then I assume you were speaking about the notion
of multidimensional entities beings working with us,
is this part of what you were speaking to them about?
Yeah.
And so let's continue down that road then,
about what they're doing here and I mean,
because we've heard Phil Snider's work, I mean, certainly
and from the late 1990's and others who have talked about
underground bases and firestorms, you know,
horrible things, lots of deaths and greys.
But that's not exactly what you're talking about here is it?
No that's not it.
What I try to stress,
which I feel is the most important thing is,
the spiritual component of it all
and there is a tremendous spiritual
component to this entire thing.
Yes.
And I learned,
things that I was not prepared for myself.
As I told Kerry Cassidy once during an interview, I said,
"You know, I went through a process of growth
"and development myself that was almost overwhelming to me."
I jokingly said that I went through a period
of time where I began to think that I was losing my mind
and then the second faze of this development
was that I became convinced that I had lost my mind
and I told Kerry that I was now at stage three where,
I'm sane, the rest of the world is nuts, you know?
Yeah.
And that's where I'm at now in stage three.
But you've been privy to a lot of information
that the rest of the world hasn't been privy to.
Regina, I damn near died.
The period of revolution, the period of evolution,
the period of growth, discovery, that I went through.
Was almost more than I could deal with and I said the series
of past life regressions was an Earth changing,
life changing experience.
But being confronted with the reality of them,
who they are, where they're from, why they're here.
I found that rather difficult to grasp
and I was forced to grasp it.
Cause I was immersed in the middle of it
and I may have shared this with you before
but I began to go through a period of time where I
began to have face to face confrontation with some of them.
They would come up to me after a conference
and introduce themselves.
Let's bring up another element here,
of your background and that is remote viewing as well.
So you had opened yourself to be able
to see with other eyes, by this time.
Well I think you know,
I walked away from this so called community.
As I said, I've never been Ufologist.
I hate the term UFO.
I don't like the term alien, that's not appropriate.
No.
And I don't even like the term ET.
Cause they're so fundamental so primitive, you know?
I was confronted with the reality of infinite life.
An infinite universe filled with intelligence.
A spiritual world, a spiritual universe
and that's when I began to realize that
I had been on a spiritual journey myself
and when I began to have face to face
meetings with some of them.
And then I began to be picked up and taken
and I've said this before to many
of my old traditional friends think I'm a nutcase.
But I've been aboard the ships
and the thing that I shared just last February with Camelot.
That I was taken,
I think around the year of 2003 somewhere in that period.
I was taken to some place
and I was kept six weeks
and then I was brought back five,
10 minutes after I had been taken.
Yes.
And I saw that to people and they scratch their heads
and they look at me, you've lost it you old fart,
you've gone over the edge you see.
Well you went over the edge of the time space continuum.
Oh my God, you know and coming face to face with,
trying to confront a reality of how we understand time.
Tell us what you learned,
Time is not at all what
we human beings think it is.
Right.
You know, we live in a three dimensional,
materialistic world
and we have our clocks on our wrists
and we have a 24 hour day
and 12 months in a year and all blah blah blah blah blah.
That is not the reality.
The reality is so far beyond that,
when you're out there there is no time
and then you confront the reality that yesterday, today
and tomorrow is all the same.
The reality is that there is a infinite now.
And that is hard for the left side of our brains to--
Regina, I'm still having to come to terms with that.
Well what else did you learn when you were
in this experience, what were you shown?
What did you see?
They took me somewhere
and people say where did they take you?
Did they take you to their planet?
I don't know where I was.
I know that they kept me for six weeks
and I found the interesting thing to me,
they were as interested in me as I was in them.
I kept asking them questions,
oh I was, I just couldn't get enough.
I wanted to know everything
and they were interested in me as a human being
or as a spiritual being inside this temporary human body
and then I found out later that the human,
as we understand ourselves as humans.
We are a unique, rare
and special biological entity.
That the human genome in the universe
is regarded as a treasure because it's so unique.
The human genome that each and everyone of us are wearing
and carrying around with us now, temporarily.
Is kind of a special one, it is a blend apparently
of parts and pieces and factors of,
interstellar, inter-time genome.
We are a blend of so many different species
and different races.
Which is why they consider us quite unique
and kind of interesting and that's why they're trying
to help us survive as a species.
Now I'm not that interested in my reality
as a member of a species at the moment
because I know that I'm an immortal,
eternal, spiritual being.
But I happen to be living in this container,
per a short period of time.
I've been here 82 year in this particular run through
and I'll be honest with you, Regina, I'm getting to a point
where I'm kind of home sick.
I'm looking forward to getting out of here.
Out of the restriction.
Well this old carcass that I'm living in,
this container that I'm temporarily immersed in
is falling apart on me.
My knees are shot, my hearing is gone.
I've been told recently that I'm losing my eye sight.
Ah, you know, I'm breaking down
and that's a natural process.
This human body is not designed to live forever.
Although I have learned that that is a capability,
that's a possibility.
I found that some of the Ananoky
and I use that term generically
As you know the old Sumerian it means,
merely those who came down from above.
Those who from Heaven to Earth came.
Well I use that term generically but,
it applies to one particular group that
had a hand in our genetic manipulation.
They help re-engineer our genome,
200 thousand years ago.
According to Zachariah,
300 thousand years ago.
But the manipulation of the human genome
has been going on since the beginning.
When this creature, this animal we call human being,
came down out of the trees.
People say, well who are we originally?
Well the closest I can come to is there's an old,
old creature they referred to as Australopithecus
and that's what they found when they first came here
and they started to manipulate and engineer the genome.
And they created human, what is, what do we call ourselves?
Homosapien or Sapien?
Yes.
Well for some of them there's a lot more Sapien's there,
add three or four Sapien's to it.
Yes and so we've been engineered and worked through
and you say we're still being worked on.
The process is still underway.
Can you talk about,
Biologically and physically the human genome
is still under manipulation and development
and when I speak publicly to people
and I say "My God you guys are
"living in an incredible time."
If you realize not only how unique and special you were.
As a biological creature, beyond the spiritual component.
You would take a lot more pride in who you are.
Absolutely. As one dear friend of mine said
"You'd lean over and kiss yourself on the shoulder."
Yes. You would pat your cheeks and say, you know,
"oh you're pretty special"
You're unique.
We're unique and so,
do you wanna go ahead
and light up and I'll ask a question while you light up,
Well I was gonna refer to my grandmother, beautiful,
beautiful, very great soul.
She used to tell me as a little tike she said,
"If we could only see ourselves as others see us."
Well I've broadened that concept to a bit
where I say if we could only see ourselves
as The Others, see us
and that was part of the shock of my revelation as it were.
I began to see the human species as they see us
and as an extraterrestrial scientist
said to a friend of mine,
a retired navy physicist,
well that's a story I put out on the interview
with Kerry sometime back.
During my sons retirement party,
we were all there at this big festival
this celebration, my son was retiring after 30 years
as a full captain in the navy
and there were several admirals and a couple of generals
and a bunch of scientists.
Guys he'd served with over the years
and during the party I'm standing
around mingling with the group
and this retired commander come over
and he elbowed me.
He says "I know you, I know you."
and I said "Sure I'm Eric's dad."
He says "No, no, no, I know you.
"You're that loud mouth command sergeant major retired
"whos speaking out on this subject,
blah blah blah blah blah."
I says "Yeah that's me."
(chuckles)
He says "I have a short story to share with you"
and he says "You're one of the few people
"I can talk to about this."
He says "I spent five years working at an underground
"federal facility not far out of Las Vegas."
and he says "My specialty is a plasma fusion physics."
and he says "I had the privilege with working closely
"with two of those guys."
and he says "That was quite and experience."
He said "As I was preparing to retire and leave."
he says "I said to this one chap that I'd gotten to know,"
They were huge, they looked like us,
they just as human looking as we are.
and he said "Before I leave, tell me what you guys
"really think of human beings."
And this one fellow said "Well since you asked.
"We look upon the human species at the moment
as a primitive, savage and dangerous group of animals."
and this chap said "I hope that's not offensive to you
"but that's how we look at the entire race."
and the retired navy scientist says
"Well I can't argue with that. I have the same opinion.
"We are primitive, savage and dangerous animals.
"I mean my God we're still going to war.
"We're war like, we're a species that
"has not evolved as far enough yet."
And he says "I couldn't fight with,
"I couldn't argue with him."
And then the other chap from out there
looked in and he says "You also smell bad."
You smell bad.
He says "You humans stink."
(both laugh)
The navy commander says "I thought that was hilarious."
He says,
(sniffs)
I took my shower this morning
and the fellow says "No, no, no, no, it's not that.
"You have what we call an oricstench,
"the nature of your condition,
"the nature of your physical development,
"your evolution, as animals,
is that you have this aura about you
"that we find somewhat offensive.
"It involves the nature of your aura."
The commander says
"That gave me a number of years of thought."
Anyhow that's one of the little things
that was shared with me over the years.
But at the same time you say, from other reflections,
that this species is so precious to so many.
Well, we are a puzzle to many of them.
You know there are intelligence's
out there that don't like us at all.
Yes.
You know, you and I would go off maybe
or the average person might go off to New Guinea
and you would look upon the natives over there that,
just a year or two out of cannibalism.
And they run around in the jungles and their naked,
they have these little wars and these clan fights
and they eat each other.
Well they used to at least,
I'm told that they stopped doing that now.
Although I don't believe that entirely.
My God we are a primitive species
and yet we are unique and we are treasured,
we are special and we are rare.
And we have this deep schism within our the psyche
because of the lack of integration between that much finer,
more beautiful everlasting aspect of self
and the animal portion, with the animal mind
and the animal emotions.
I mean it's really the schism that creates
the issues in the aura that smells so bad.
(laughs)
To other species, it's not the nature of who we are,
our essence, at our essence at all.
That's right.
And you've seen that.
I've felt that, I've lived that.
And so I think one of the things I'm kind
of nudging you towards is because in our last interview
we did speak about some of these under mountain,
underwater, some of these deep facilities that are
inhabited by other species and have been for a very,
very long time on this planet.
But you said there's a change in the plan
in the way this is being worked.
Well let me tell you what's been shared with me.
I've been told and I believe it, it makes sense.
There is a spiritual hierarchy out there
in the universe
and the analogy that I've been given
and the analogy that makes sense to me is that
and it's kind of amusing but you look at the pyramid
that appears on the dollar bill.
This unfinished pyramid.
Separated capstone.
And there's no top to it like it's unfinished
and then there's this symbol of an eye on the top of it.
Apparently that is a very accurate description
of the existing hierarchy out there in time and space.
Now you have all these different levels of life.
A variety of biological forms
and that's almost infinite apparently.
And we find that the human species at the moment
is about the third or fourth level up from the bottom.
That's where we are now
and then six or eight levels above that you the Anamoki
and six or eight levels above that you have an other group
of species and races out there.
But the higher you get in this so called pyramid,
the higher the spiritual development apparently is
and at the very top of this hierarchy.
You have intelligence's out there that
are almost purely spiritual in nature
and they have power.
They have infinite power
and apparently the lower levels,
I refer to generically the Anonoki.
Got themselves into a bind, the got into a little trouble
because over the centuries, eons of time, they were faulted
for the fact that they got involved in our
biological development for the wrong reasons
and you know the Anonoki
and Zachariah lays it out so beautifully.
Yeah so Michael Telinger going with that further.
Christian O'Brien, who's no longer with us,
brilliant British scientist, researcher.
Who could translate Cuneiform as well as Zachariah did.
Wrote this beautiful book called The Genius of the Few
and he wrote another one call The Shining Ones.
Well apparently you see, back,
The Anonaki in this generic sense,
involved themselves with us biologically and genetically.
For selfish reasons,
they really wanted a slave race back,
way the hell back in time
and Michael Telinger touches upon this,
which is some of the reasons the work that
he's done is beautiful.
And the human beings,
the beings at that time were ripe for exploitation.
Well we were a species that was very primitive,
I mean primitive and they genetically bumped us up
for selfish reasons to become workers.
I always loved the term Lulus.
Yeah, lulus, worker bees.
The human worker, yes.
And they used us as working animals for centuries
and you know our history we tended to deify them,
they were a form of life somewhat human like we are
for God's sake. They were selfish,
they had their own little agendas
and they were hungry for gold.
For a verity of reasons and it wasn't
because it was a pure, pretty, yellow metal.
Right, it wasn't for jewelry.
No, no, no, no.
Now we've learned that what they were doing is
that they were transmuting it into what we call,
what's the word, Ormus.
The white gold, yeah.
The white powdered gold.
Which they ingested
and now we have learned the power of that.
Oh my God, if you,
I've delved into that quite a bit.
Well if you ingest Ormus it literally can
regenerate your genome to a point where,
not only can it extend your life almost infinity
and some of them live apparently thousands of years,
healthfully.
They don't get sick, they don't die.
But it has to be used with a proper understanding
and consciousness or that's not necessarily the effect.
Well you've done your homework.
Yeah and so the Anonoki had come,
in order to exploit the resources
and also to bump up the intelligence
and the capability of the existing beings
to exploit them as workers
and I think what you're leading to here is
maybe there were some amends to make.
Apparently intelligence is at the higher level,
at the highest level of hierarchy.
Have become interested
and now have interceded into this process.
And they've come down on the lower levels of intelligence,
particularly the Anonoki and I use it again generically.
Almost as you would ET.
Yeah and they have said
"Get your act together,
"you made a lot of mistakes along the way.
"Now you're going to have to straighten things out
"and you're going to have to participate.
"In helping develop this species in this animal form
"into a higher level, you're gonna have
"to make amends for some of your mistakes in the past."
And apparently they've come down with almost infinite power
and said "This is the way it's going to be."
The other ones are saying this,
Yes the higher levels of this hierarchy have come down
and said now get your act together
"and correct the mistakes you've made in the past.
"You're not going to be able to continue to use this species
"in a selfish way. They're not here to serve you."
and that's when this program developed.
Where we've got at least a half a dozen different groups
now working together.
To work and help,
to help make that transition that we're undergoing.
This transcendent transformation I call it.
Into a much higher spiritual form
and they're working together
and they're all over the damn place.
Our remote viewers have discovered,
well years ago that there were four major installations.
Now I have learned that there are at least six.
And these are all underground or under the sea or?
You can say underground, yes.
Because they do have major underground
facilities all over the planet.
There's one inside Mount Hayes in Alaska.
There's one inside of the mountain
in the Pyrenees, Monte Perdido
and that installation has been there for God knows how long.
There's one underground in the middle of Australia,
near Pine Gap.
Interestingly enough, coincidentally enough right next
to one of the largest national security
agency facilities on the planet.
Eh, coincidence.
Pine Gap
and the ET's, I've accept that term,
use it in a generic sense.
Have a vast facility underground
there in the middle of Australia.
Did you say that there's also one that's been,
discovered as it were in Zimbabwe?
Under Zimbabwe, of all places.
I don't know Robert Mugabe has any idea
of what's underground in his country.
However listening to Michael's work, Michael Telinger,
he believes that was the home of Inky.
So it makes some sense here.
Michael,
you have to be patient with a cigar smoker.
We're patient, take your time.
Michael thinks he's discovered Inky's home.
Yes.
He said its Great Zimbabwe, that incredible rune there,
which is quite impressive.
Now that may have been one of Inky's homes I'm sure,
Inky had a home where ever he wanted to have one.
Regine, Inky might st ill be with us, you know?
And that's kind of hard to swallow too.
Through remote viewing and otherwise,
evidence of these bases that there are other species
that have been living here since the beginning really
and now you're saying that there has been a directive,
within the spiritual realms that these beings are to now
assist us rather than resist and try to obstruct our,
transformation?
Exactly.
That's beautiful. Is that the thing that gives you hope?
Because when you were speaking yesterday
and I've seen you before,
your speaking is some of the phenomena
that we've been exposed to,
which in in of itself is fascinating.
In fact I would suggest that anybody who can get
to a James's site, the East Eddie site,
if they have the recording of your talk yesterday,
your presentation yesterday
they should definitely try to pick up a copy.
To get the backstory on a lot of this in terms
of what you know, what you've been exposed to.
I'm going to have to get a copy of that
to find out what I said yesterday.
You will.
And I say this to people and they chuckle
and I say I'm serious you know?
I have to get a copy of a tape and look back.
Did I say that?
You said that, I'd tell you you said that.
Because when I'm up there,
I told people and I confess, I tend to ramble,
I have a whole bunch of notes
and I never get through all of them.
I didn't see you look at them.
Yeah I've got notes,
I could have gone for another two hours.
I have notes on everything you said right
Well shame on you.
It was very,
intriguing, it was very interesting
and you gave us kind of the hard cold facts
of what's going on about the,
more of the explortation of the species
but the reality is and I know we have just a
few minutes left here in this conversation.
You've come out of this with hope
and that's what I'd like you to wrap this,
Well once I really began to understand, honey,
that there is the physical process unfolding.
The biological development taking place.
There is a species in transit
but that's only this much.
The real story, the great story, the beautiful story is,
the spiritual thing you see.
It's not the biological thing, it's not the temporary human
form that we take here when we incarnate here.
It's the growth and the development of the immortal self,
the spirit
and once I began to realize that.
That I have lived thousands and thousands of years,
I reincarnated and had many hundreds
of thousands of lives on this planet.
I learned that I had also incarnated and lived thousands
of lives on other planets, in other star systems
and in other dimensions.
And when I began to come to the term that,
that I am an infinite and immortal being
and the universe is my home,
this planet is not my home.
The universe is my home.
My God, you reach a point where you,
you don't fear anything anymore.
There's no death.
I have no fear.
I'm looking forward to transitioning out
of this form within a year or two.
Whenever, whenever I finished
whatever the hell I came to do.
Yeah, I've reached a point where the only
thing that matters to me anymore is the spiritual issue.
I wanna learn, I wanna grow,
I want to contribute, I want to,
become a value not only to my species,
temporarily here on this tiny planet
but I'm interested in my position
as a member,
of that infinite form of spiritual life out there
and then yeah, you've reached a point, I've reached a point
where I have no fear and I have nothing but hope.
And I try to say people, you get rid of the fear
because this group of humans that
are running the power thing here.
What do they call it? The powers that be?
And they're not as powerful as they think they are.
They're nuisances but a,
that will pass.
I have hope yes and I want to leave that with people
when I talk to them.
Try to step out of that fear.
Don't let them manipulate you.
Don't allow them to make you run around scared, hiding.
Don't give them that power.
Don't give them that power, you got it honey.
So yeah I leave people with a feeling of hope, I hope.
(chuckles)
No pun intended.
Indeed.
Yeah, there is nothing to fear.
That you are an infinite immortal being
and you're going through a period
transition here as a human being.
And it's painful, it's awkward and difficult
but beyond that,there's nothing but,
And I'm trying not, not trying to be humorous here
but all there is is God.
And people say "What the hell are you really talking about?"
and I says "Well it's not easy to try to define God."
and I tell them I've discovered in my short time here,
in my travels,
not just in this life, not this particular place
but my travels.
Other times, other places, other worlds, other lives.
There is a,
there is a vast conscious intelligence
that literally permeates the universe.
Now this conscious intelligence
is predominately spiritual.
It has,
It's a creative power, it's a creative force,
It generates love, compassion,
patience, tenderness and love.
This conscious intelligence is infinite
and we are literally immersed in an ocean
of this conscious intelligence.
And that's about as close to a definition as I can come to
of what I think of as God.
Well that's pretty wonderful.
Well I found it to be so when I reached that point.
Which is why I am at a point in my life temporarily,
that I fear nothing
and I try to leave that with people.
Don't be afraid.
Find out who and what you are,
as old Yogananda said
"Look within and find that self."
And I also like to refer to that inscription above
the temple entrance at Delfy.
Man know thy self.
And as yogananda tried to point out
that was Hindu concept of the self,
was the immortal at man.
The infinite being that we really are
and when you get to that point
and I've reached it, I have no fear at all.
Matter of fact there is a level of bliss and joy in me now.
You might find it hard to find once and a while
I'm sipping my bourbon and puffing my big cigars
but I have a feeling within that is just,
overwhelmingly joyous and blissful and peaceful.
It shows.
And I try to share that.
People feel that in you and I think that's why
there's such deep respect for what you've been through
and for the words you share with people.
And on that I think we probably
have just seconds of tape left here.
I wanna thank you so much for taking time,
I know it's been a hectic weekend.
Regina, thank you honey, it's been my pleasure.
It's always a joy to chat with you
and thank you for being patient.
Because I'm at a point where I find,
find words are simply not sufficient
to what I want to express.
Well you shared them with us in a very elegant fashion
and thank you so much.
Words just don't do it.
They don't!
But I give it a try
and people apparently respond positively.
And to me that's very gratifying,
to have people come up and give me hugs and kisses
and shake my hand and say thank you
and I think "For what?"
Cause I'm not,
I haven't told you anything that you don't already know.
I touch them and I say
"All I have done is remind you of who you are
"and what you are, that I have given you anything
"that you don't already have."
And I refer to the old Hindu tradition
where the Guru would come up and,
Knock the young student in the forehead,
right between his third eye
and he wakes up!
Well when I touch people and they speak to me
and I say "Wake up!"
Man know thy self.
If you enjoyed this conversation,
you might also enjoy my first interview with Bob,
which you can find on this site.
His information is complimented by the work of
James Gililand and Alfred Weber,
both of whom I've interview on a couple of occasions.
You can find all these interviews here,
until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(outro music)